DOC-6478: Managing RBAC groups (#2208)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.3/deploying-operating/config-users/creating-users.md

```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Setting Parent Group for Users

You can set or change the parent group of a user using the PUT method of the [/api/v5_3/group/{groupid}/parent/changeparentid/{newparentgroupid}](../../reference/rest-api/openapi.html#tag/RBAC-Group/operation/put_group__groupid__parent_changeparentid__newparentgroupid_) endpoint. This allows you to organize users into different groups for better management and role assignment. For example:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Bash"%}}
```shell
curl -k -u $REST_API_USER:$REST_API_PASSWORD -X PUT $REST_API_URL/user/jbloggs/changeparentid/marketing-group-id-123
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="PowerShell" %}}
```shell
Invoke-RestMethod -SkipCertificateCheck  -Headers @{Authorization=("Basic {0}" -f $AUTH_INFO)} -Uri "$REST_API_URL/user/jbloggs/changeparentid/marketing-group-id-123" -Method Put
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

{{< note >}}
You must have the `UserAdminRole` role to be able to set or change the parent group of a user.
{{< /note >}}

This request updates the user's parent group.

To remove a user from their current group and place them in the root group, you can use `null` as the group ID.

> Changing a user's parent group affects their permissions, as users inherit roles and permissions from their parent groups. Ensure to review the user's effective permissions after changing their group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changing a user's parent group affects their permissions, as users inherit roles and permissions from their parent groups. Make sure that you review the user's effective permissions after changing their group.
```
